gee
[Music]
where does Sean Connery keep his beard
clippings in her shaving truck ouch hey
my YouTube disciples it's me your Lord
and Savior Jesus and I'm here with some
glorious news I got my first sacred
sponsorship from a wonderful company
called kzr I'm really excited this is my
very first sponsored video on YouTube
and so it's kind of a big deal on my
first sacred sponsorship deal that's got
me excited this video is brought to you
by tase er there's a word for people who
can't grow a beard women if I were the
drummer for the roots
I'd be Christ's love remember there is
no right or wrong way to trim your beard
it's not like there's like a beard Bible
or something is there like a bear Bible
is there a Bible there bible amazon has
everything and eared bible bible answers
maybe try quotes beard bible 330 bible
in school no 3d bible through the bible
30 bible of beer bible i don't think
there's a beer bible try google google
bible in quotes nope
no beard bible yet an at least
officially your bible yet so when i
think jay-z air for it supporting this
channel it is very much appreciated I
know my disciples really appreciate it
did you know that Amish men are not
buried with their beards mm-hmm
they're very with shovels I am long
overdue for a trim on a scale of Adam to
Abraham I'm it like a Moses how about
some of the vouch ELLs and they doubt
shall knots of trimming that glowing of
spirit of yours when it comes to coming
your beard you want to use wider tooth
combs and you want to avoid using really
fine tooth combs like this be sure to
give that blessed beard of yours a good
thorough baptism you need to remove all
those impurities out of your beer before
you trim it also it needs to be dry some
dry that mom I will exercise the wetness
thou shalt not trim a wet beard thou
shalt be sober when I trim it
the beard by beard it's not good to pull
your hair or push on your hair at all
while you're trimming because otherwise
you're pushing it out of place and
you're cutting it shorter than you think
you're actually are cutting it so don't
do that be true to yourself make sure
that you pick a style that fits your
face
not every style works for every face
just gonna make this cool call it called
the Moses Ramses let my beard hairs grow
go with the little split beard action
here with comb your beard out thoroughly
make sure you got all those tangles out
[Music]
I get a lot of prayers asking me Jesus
what should I use to trim my beard well
I personally use scissors but you can
also use one of these electric trimmers
they work just great but you know I have
a hard time adjusting to certain types
of new technologies you know what I mean
[Music]
it's a great little comb and I'm not
just saying that because they paid me to
see that this is actually a good little
comb
[Music]
how can I grow a beard as glorious as
yours well and that was a lot to do with
genetics and testosterone mostly
testosterone just make sure you have
lots of it how can I get more of it well
exercise have a good diet get good rest
and have some testicles that helps or
warm or you know injections or there's
other ways to do it the hardest part
about growing a beard is getting past
that first four or five weeks it's gonna
be very itchy a little bit scratchy but
that's where the beard oils gonna come
in handy this stuff is really great for
that
[Music]
the folks at taser were kind enough to
extend a special offer to all of my
disciples until the 31st of May you can
get 30% off your purchase by using
discount code JC sent me thanks Daisy
are
[Music]